Thank you for visiting our website. I would like to introduce our company to you.
The idea for the company came after watching my nephews grow and their need for content and related materials to help them develop foundational skills. I saw the magnetic draw of animation and realised that at an early age, emotional engagement was the secret magic ingredient in the learning soup.
So the company mission was borne to provide young learners with an emotional foundation that allows anything to be possible. Our logo is an upside-down tree beneath a small island. The logo represents the idea that beneath the surface of every child there is a whole tree of growth. Early learning is not about burden but emotional attachment and the joy of discovery.
We started this adventure in 2011 with an idea to change the world of early learning. Together with some wonderfully talented designers,  animators and musicians in Seoul and California, the learning brand Badanamu began to take shape. The inspiration for the world of Badanamu was diverse with Bada inspired by a Pomeranian puppy and Mimi by an ancient artifact in the British Museum. Today we have over 200 employees and sell educational products in over 30 countries. The major offices are located in Seoul, China and USA.
We are developing educational programs for ages from 12 months to 8 years old. Foundation learning is addressed through our multi stimulatory Montessori 2.0 program: A natural acquisition accelerant program ensuring every child has a bright future. We then progress to literacy for native and also second language learners. Lastly, our new animated series Badanamu Cadets open the doors to the fascinating world of science, technology, engineering and maths.
What makes KidsLoop and Badanamu the right choice for your child or class? Kidsloop's simple ambition is to create learning environments where children can grow and thrive. We strive to put the discovery and wonder back into children's education by utilising technology in developmentally appropriate ways.
We think your child will love to learn the Badanamu way. Go on give it a try ! 