KidsLoop Business
India Partnership
With many schools in India delaying
reopening due to COVID-19, Chrysalis is
planning to launch KidsLoop Live in
schools preparing for remote learning. This
will bring several tens of thousands of users
onto the platform next month!
Maple Bear Global
We have begun discussions with Maple
Bear, a Canadian education company with
a global presence. Maple Bear is looking for
a live and hybrid class solution for their
curriculum. We have digitized a sample of
Maple Bear's content so that they can see
the magic of KidsLoop!
Update for Pilot Program with ZSEA
The first 8-week course of Bada Club has finished, and a new class has begun. The first
course has been a success, with very positive responses from the children. ZSEA is
gathering the parents' feedback to share with us. Currently, efforts toward a fuller
marketing campaign are being made to increase signups. We also started planning the
pilot launch of Zoo School projected for the fall.
EDT Partners
With our success in Asia, particularly Korea,
China, Vietnam, and Indonesia, we are
considering expanding KidsLoop to Europe
and South America. In order to do so, we
have partnered with the consultancy EDT
Partners, who have introduced us to the
following publishing companies: McGraw Hill, Porto Editora, and Santillana. We look
forward to working with EDT Partners in expanding KidsLoop into Latin America, Europe,
and beyond.
Unreal Engine R&D
Research and development are taking place in order to apply the unreal engine to the
Automation Project. A sample dance video is in production using our existing music files,
and we also plan on shooting sample animations.
KidsLoop Platform & KidsLoop App
BUSINESS NEWS PRODUCT NEWS GLOBAL OFFICE NEWS
KidsLoop Hub Updates
New H5P activity templates have been added, and activity-based data collection is now
available. We are adding many features to the global domain and improving the system
overall. The CSV upload feature facilitates setup on KidsLoop, and multiple profile support
allows users to better manage their accounts. Within the assessment service, users can
create and review milestones and see a newly detailed score record. Through the new reports
dashboard, users can also view Teacher Load reports. KidsLoop Live also has an updated
interface, with additional features such as mosaic view and chat notification. India's domain
launch will soon be followed by those in Vietnam and Indonesia.
Contents Updates
India's "Back to School" Video
The "Back to School" video is complete, with scenery filmed in India as the backdrop for
the Badanamu characters. Meticulous graphic work has made it so that it gives almost no
sign of image synthesis. The video will soon be made available in the team drive.
ESL Apps
Genius 1, Genius STEM, and Talk 2 are now
available on Badanamu Town! Children can
find the museum, tree house, and
community and complete each lesson of
the curriculum.
New voice recording activities have been
added in Genius 1 and Genius STEM to help
children practice pronunciation.
Badanamu Stories (Season 2) is now
available with 26 episodes. You can
purchase them in the app or get them as
rewards via Badanamu ESL.
3rd Party Content Planning and Test Version Development
Canada's Maple Bear, China's Shanghai Publishing Group, and Korea's Tun Tun English have
joined KidsLoop to enable content digitization. We will do our best to make these
partnerships a good opportunity for KidsLoop to demonstrate its pioneering technology
and know-how.
UK
New London Office
We look forward to moving into our new office space on June 1. The office is located in a
prime London location and equipped with state of the art facilities. More information will
follow in due course.
British Education Suppliers Association (BESA)
KidsLoop UK is now an official member of the British Education Suppliers Association
(BESA). This will enable us to network with other suppliers in the UK Edtech market, learn
more about government policy, and attend more events to showcase our platform.
China
BUSINESS NEWS PRODUCT NEWS GLOBAL OFFICE NEWS
Introducing Phonics Courses: Badanamu X Baby English
Badanamu and Baby English, a well-known parent-child English
education brand, jointly produced a series of phonics courses
called "Danny's Phonics World." Through rich animation and
nursery rhymes, Badanamu accompanies children to do language
exercises, sing songs, and practice their spelling, making the
courses lively and interactive.
Badanamu X KIDCHO Create Badanamu Interactive Music Toys
Badanamu and KIDCHO, a well-known toy brand, jointly produced
interactive music toys. Through simple exercises, the toys can help
children develop a sense of rhythm and cognition of music
theories. Through play, children can also develop teamwork skills
and enjoy a sense of achievement. We have customized product
research for KIDCHO to help optimize their products and
interactive functions.
Korea
Badanamu English Homepage Renewal
KidsLoop's Badanamu English Kindergarten
hires and trains instructors to administer
the Badanamu ESL curriculum through live
online classes. Parents can expect to
experience a variety of information and
convenient functions such as reserving
desired class times and managing their
child's class schedule. This renewed version
of the Badanamu English homepage has
been in effect since May 17.
The Korea team is paying close attention to customer feedback and needs, with hopes of
also gaining insight into implications for B2B clients.
LINK
Vietnam
Workshop introducing KidsLoop platform and KidsLoop Hummingbird
curriculum to parents
 In Thu Duc City and Phan Thiet City (Binh
Thuan province) on May 9 and May 15 to 16
respectively, KidsLoop Vietnam cooperated
with our distribution partner to organize
workshops introducing the KidsLoop
platform and ESL familiarization program,
KidsLoop Hummingbird.
At the workshop, parents and children participated in the demo class of KidsLoop
Hummingbird. From June, parents and students in the Thu Duc city and Phan Thiet city
area will start participating in KidsLoop sample classes. This workshop is the first in the
series of workshops to introduce KidsLoop to Thu Duc city, Phan Thiet city, and Con Dao.